docs: add pitfall section for merging routers (#4002)
trpc/trpc: www/docs/server/merging-routers.md

});
```

:::info

> We recommend you to only define inline sub-routers within a file, and to keep the exported routers as a `t.router` object. This makes any potential type errors show up in the file they originate from, and not at the place where you merge them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend you always export routers via `t.router`, as opposed to exporting objects with procedures attached. This ensures that type errors show up in the file they originate from, instead of the place where you merge them.
```

Reviewer: This line was confusing me a tad, just a stab at clarifying it

});
```

:::caution

We recommend you to only define inline sub-routers within a file, and to keep the exported routers as a `t.router` object. This makes any potential type errors show up in the file they originate from, and not at the place where you merge them.

<details style={{ marginTop: "1rem" }}>
<summary>See a deep dive here</summary>

> When defining a router as a plain object, any keys are valid. This means you can define a router like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When defining a router as a plain object, any key is valid. This means you can define a router like this, without any errors being shown. But when you try to merge this router somewhere else, things will blow up:
```

```ts twoslash title="routers/user.ts"
export const userRouter = {
  nested: {
    notAProcedure: () => 'Hello world', // <-- actual error here
  },
};
```

<br />

> without any errors being shown. But when you try to merge this router somewhere else, things will blow up:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> ```ts twoslash title="routers/user.ts"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```ts twoslash title="routers/_app.ts"
```
